More static vectors for additional extensions (#79)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-ctls: draft-ietf-tls-ctls.md

struct {
  Extension predefined_extensions<0..2^16-1>;
  ExtensionType expected_extensions<0..2^16-1>;

>   ExtensionType known_self_delimiting_extensions<0..2^16-1>;

Reviewer: Let's try to make this shorter.

```suggestion
  ExtensionType omit_length<0..2^16-1>;
```

Other possibilities: `static`, `self_delimiting_extensions`.

Static vectors (see {{static-vectors}}):

> * `Extension.extension_data` for any extension in `expected_extensions` whose value is self-delimiting (e.g., fixed length).  This applies only to the corresponding message.
> * `Extension.extension_data` for any additional extension whose type is in
>   `known_self_delimiting_extensions`, or is listed in
>   {{Section 4.2 of !RFC8446}} except `padding`.

Reviewer: If you want to avoid requiring prior agreement on which extensions are self-delimiting, this must also apply to `expected_extensions`.

```suggestion
* `Extension.extension_data` for any extension whose type is in
  `omit_length`, or is listed in
  {{Section 4.2 of !RFC8446}} except `padding`.  This applies only to the corresponding message.
```
